# IdentityApi

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getIdentity**](IdentityApi.md#getIdentity) | **GET** /identity | Get the identity of a user.


<a name="getIdentity"></a>
# **getIdentity**
> IdentityResult getIdentity(pubKey, leftData)

Get the identity of a user.

Use this endpoint to verify that the server knows a public key and to get the identity of the user owning that key. &lt;br&gt;If the server controls the associated private key, it can also sign some random data and return the produced signature to prove it owns the key. &lt;br&gt;The random data is built by concatenating the &#x60;leftData&#x60; parameter (provided by the client) and some random data generated by the server (returned in the &#x60;rightData&#x60; field). &lt;br&gt;The caller must verify that the returned signature is valid for the public key (which proves the ownership of the private key by the server). &lt;br&gt;The caller can optionally read the TLS certificate securing this endpoint to get the certified identity of the owner of the server. &lt;br&gt;This endpoint is not protected. It is recommended to expose it publicly. 

### Example
```java
// Import classes:
//import io.woleet.idserver.ApiException;
//import io.woleet.idserver.api.IdentityApi;


IdentityApi apiInstance = new IdentityApi();
String pubKey = 1GChJMuyxvq28F3Uksqf5v7QkxQ4WLQdBh; // String | Public key to verify.
String leftData = 00c8a2b0c373050e7f2abbb2e4c631a42c10d402; // String | Left part of the random data to sign (should be generated randomly). <br>When not provided, the server does not return a signature, even if it controls the key. 
try {
    IdentityResult result = apiInstance.getIdentity(pubKey, leftData);
    System.out.println(result);
} catch (ApiException e) {
    System.err.println("Exception when calling IdentityApi#getIdentity");
    e.printStackTrace();
}
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **pubKey** | **String**| Public key to verify. |
 **leftData** | **String**| Left part of the random data to sign (should be generated randomly). &lt;br&gt;When not provided, the server does not return a signature, even if it controls the key.  | [optional]

### Return type

[**IdentityResult**](IdentityResult.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json

